1. best time to buy and sell stock 2 
2. trapping rain water
         1. first approach is standard
         2. second approach is similar to area of histogram
3. Container with most water
         1. first approach is very similar to second approach of prev qstn
    Related Problems:
         1. House Robber 4


                    -----------> Interval Problems <------------
    

    4. Summary ranges
        Related Problems:
            1. Missing ranges
            2. Find Maximal Uncovered Ranges


    5. Merge Intervals
            1. first solution is easy to emplement using sorting
            2. Can be solved using BST(havent tried yet)

        Related Problems
            1.Meetings Room
            2.Meetings Room 2
            3.Amount of new area painted each day
            4.longest substring of one repeating characters
            5.count integers in Intervals
            6.divide intervals in minimum number of groups
            7.count ways to group overlapping intervals
            8.Count days without meetings
    6. Insert Interval
            1. first solution is very logical and basic
            2. Can be solved with binary search

    7. Minimum Number of Arrows to Burst Balloons
            1. Very clear and self written
            2. Based on Activity selection Algorithm
                   Related Problem on this Algorithm
                        1.Maximum Length of Pair Chain
                        2.Maximum nuumber of intervals
    
    8. Maximum Number of Pair chain(Same as Maximum number of intervals)
           1. Exactly same code as max number of arrows 
               Simply because they share same idea of activity selection Algorithm
               (Read the solution 3 of Minimum Number of Arrows To Burts Balloons)
           2. Can be solved using DP
                   With DP approach,this question is similar to
                           1.LIS(Longest Increasing Subsequence)
                           
        Related Problems:
            1. Longest Non-decreasing Subarray from two arrays




9. Maximum Subarray
       1. Using kadane Algorithm
       2. can be solved using dp and recursion
       3. dp[i] stores ans ending subarray ending at i technique dp solution

10. Maximum Sum Circular Subarray
11. Gas Station
       1. Unique one
       2. maintain local and global state
       3. 

12. Candy 
       1. peak and valley Problem
       2. solution 1 -> two pass and O(n) solution greedy
       3. solution 2 -> one pass and O(1) space

13.  Non-decreasing Array
14.  Single Element 2
       1. bits manupulation
       2. need to understand better
15.  Single Element 3
       1. break down this question into single Element

16. Contiguous Array
       1. treat one as +1 and 0 as -1

17. Split Array into Consecutive Subsequences
       --> many questions are like this and follow same concepts like:
                 1. divide array in sets of k concecutive numbers
                 2. partition labels
                 3. queue reconstrution by height
                 4. Video Stitching

18. Divide Array in Sets of K Consecutive Numbers
       --> exactly same as hand of straights
19. Partition Labels
       --> partition Problem
       --> conceptual and unique concept has been applied

20. Majority Element
       --> Boyer–Moore majority vote algorithm 
